It is not the case that the color spectrum can be wrapped into a continuous color wheel.
It is not the case that sweat from our armpits stinks.
It is not the case that if a game is already on a disc, it should not be able to be downloaded.
It is not the case that babies should walk almost immediately like mammals.
It is not the case that mountains are the highest point in a given area.
It is not the case that there are many gpu manufacturers but not many CPU manufacturers.
It is not the case that media should be allowed to deliberately mislead people.
It is not the case that water is bad for leather when it is just animal skin.
Cold drinks will not cause sickness unless it is contaminated.
It is not the case that paralysed people feel pain but not much, if anything else.
It is not the case that when popping popcorn, the first kernel popped does not burn.
It is not the case that media outlets calculate x amount of people watched a certain game.
It is not the case that 100 degrees Fahrenheit is considered the starting point of a fever.
It is not the case that large herbivores grow so large and powerful despite eating only plants and fruit.
It is not the case that animals stop working and just freeze.
It is not the case that respectable websites allow junky clickbait adverts.
It is not the case that sunblock covered skin should be darker under a uv camera.
It is not the case that individual states are able to make abortion illegal after the US Supreme court ruled that banning abortions was unconstitutional back in 1973.
It is not the case that flavored seltzer has 10 calories per bottle.
It is not the case that water has to be 100° to become steam.
It is not the case that allergy shots stimulate the immune system to clear up more allergens in the body.
It is not the case that we should be able to breed tiny fish babies en masse and dump them in the ocean to solve overfishing.
It is not the case that if we can hear our digestion but not other bodily processes, then we cannot hear them.
It is not the case that animals get to full grown adult size faster than humans.
It is not the case that oranges are presliced by nature.
It is not the case that the President is able to remove and appoint people in completely different organizations than his own cabinet.
It is not the case that high fever causes achy joints.
People can make mistakes.
Seedless plants are planted through grafting.
It is not the case that farting is the only way to get rid of air in the stomach.
It is not the case that it is a weird hill to die on.
It is not the case that a shunt placement for treating hydrocephalus does not lead to permanent disability.
It is not the case that candy companies can't make fruit flavored candy taste closer to the fruit that they are trying to replicate.
It is not the case that if we increased the temperature of water every time our body got used to it, it should not go as high as it should go.
It is not the case that you can't buy bunches of basil at the grocery like you can buy parsley and cilantro.
It is not the case that computer screens operate on projecting an image through light.
It is not the case that clouds are made up of water that has evaporated.
It is not the case that deep sea exploration is difficult.
Photons are little packets of energy that electrons absorb.
It is not the case that Earth has not been hit by an asteroid yet.
It is not the case that tech companies need software engineers when they have provided the same service for years.
It is not the case that adrenaline acts faster than other hormones.
It is not the case that bacteriophages cause bacteria to lose antibiotic resistance in order to counter bacteriophage.
Motion occurs when the reaction is opposite and equal.
It is not the case that flushable wet wipes stay intact before being used.
It is not the case that electronics should be put in a separate tray at airport security screenings.
It is not the case that if a vein is split or a large artery is cut without medical attention, you will bleed out.
It is not the case that if peanuts aren't nuts, then people with a nut allergy die from them.
It is not the case that cockroaches do not have to survive a major apocalypse.
It is not the case that in the US, I need to sign the back of a check that is made out to me.
It is not the case that orbits of planets and moons are elliptical.
It is not the case that phone companies should be able to supply unlimited high speed data.
It is not the case that restaurants like KFC keep their recipe secret.
It is not the case that we can't image the Galaxy we are in.
It is not the case that mammals and birds have personalities and emotions.
It is not the case that homes should be built under ground.
It is not the case that it is more effective to take a dose of aspirin, acetaminophen, ibuprofen, and/or naproxen.
Organs are not placed directly on ice.
It is not the case that the Germans sent people to camps instead of shooting them.
It is not the case that some batteries are not rechargable.
It is not the case that wi-Fi signals travel through walls, floors, doors etc.
It is not the case that plasma is just ionized gas.
There is always a warmer and a cooler season, and there is also a variance in precipitation.
It is not the case that colder climates keep food heated instead of refrigerated.
It is not the case that water vapor adds moisture to the air and prevents dryness.
It is not the case that a person in a coma can undergo surgery without anesthesia.
It is not the case that puddles of spilt drinks attract ants.
It is not the case that humans can't see all wavelengths.
It is not the case that animals teeth cannot rot away if they can not "brush" them like humans.
Pots corrode when used on an inductive cooktop.
It is not the case that planes can't have polished metal cars.
Bank transfers would have to agree on a universal system and we would have to pay to have it done.
It is not the case that a pressurized oxygen line should be run all the way to the top of Mount Everest.
It is not the case that muscles around the neck are tired or sore.
It is not the case that a utility that functions as a monopoly declares bankruptcy.
It is not the case that the picture in the view finder and the final photo change when we rotate out cameras from vertical to horizontal.
It is not the case that smartphones are faster than PCs.
It is not the case that burned wood is better than unburned wood.
It is not the case that cops need to use a radar gun to get your speed.
It is not the case that you can't pinpoint your location with GPS on your phone without service on the ground.
It is not the case that large radiation sources cause surrounding objects to become radioactive.
It is not the case that doctors should not be able to keep from getting sick while constantly being around contagious sick people.
It is not the case that caffeine energizes the human body.
It is not the case that companies like Western Union and other firms that serve the same purpose should die due to PayPal and Venmo.
It is not the case that old games are re released after 10+ years from when they were made.
It is not the case that water is clear, snow is white.
It is not the case that if a hard disk has more than 70GB of usable memory, it should be able to use that space.
It is not the case that we can freeze human sperm and eggs indefinitely without killing them.
It is not the case that biological functions drive sexual attraction in heterosexuals.
It is not the case that voices in people's head always tell them to do bad things.
It is not the case that desert oasis is possible without natural underground water.
It is not the case that ants carry dead ants back to the nest.
It is not the case that small screens have a better resolution than bigger screens.
It is not the case that hybrid animals can't reproduce.
It is not the case that supercomputers compute e and pi values correctly.
It is not the case that cats refuse to eat when the bottom of their food bowl is visible.
It is not the case that ALS is impossible to cure.
It is not the case that strictly vegetarian animals can go from drinking milk as babies to only eating grass.
It is not the case that calories are calculated in food.
It is not the case that muscles shake violently when lifting weights or something heavy.
It is not the case that certain places guarantee you will get a job after receiving their certifications.
It is not the case that it would be helpful to record people turning off the gas, closint the water, etc.
Choreography channels can use popular music without copyright strikes.
It is not the case that gravity is the source of gravity.
It is not the case that a company should not present disappointing metrics on their earnings report.
It is not the case that sisyphus is happy with his punishment.
Chromosomes in different species do a lot of different things, some are more or less efficient, some are specialized and some not.
It is not the case that weather changes immune system become weak.
It is not the case that ventilated air does not become warmer.
Cane sugar is not a sugar, it is a sugar.
It is not the case that blurring can be removed.
It is not the case that universities should not be able to get legal cocaine from a pharmacy.
It is not the case that earth was burned before humans appeared.
It is not the case that if all college debt is forgiven, then the college would have to pay the millions.
It is not the case that amendments should be made to religious books to keep up with growing times.
It is not the case that if a recording from the 80's was filmed yesterday, it should not look like it was filmed yesterday.
It is not the case that the sun is on fire.
It is not the case that everyone is buying and selling stocks at market price.
It is not the case that moving objects should not prevent dust from collecting on surfaces.
Space is not cooling down, the heat is spreading out.
It is not the case that if we met aliens from another galaxy, we would measure time the same way.
Different types of screws are needed for different applications.
Ad blockers are common for Computer applications.
It is not the case that blood tests to determine a fetus' sex work if the mother and fetus do not share blood.
It is not the case that water is not a good lubricant.
It is not the case that birds know how to build a nest.
It is not the case that you should not be able to keep bandages on post surgery for an extended amount of time before they can be washed/changed without getting an infection.
It is not the case that men going through a divorce have to split half of what they own.
It is not the case that spiders get stuck in their own web.
There aren't separate men and women's chess divisions.
It is not the case that the water cycle is a closed system.
It is not the case that video games cause things to clip through one another.
It is not the case that you shouldn't vomit after accidentally ingesting chemical products.
It is not the case that thunderstorms happen more frequently at night than during the day.
Light does not bounce off objects.
It is not the case that heart drops when terrified or jump scared.
It is not the case that pregnant women should not be able to do Fentanyl during labor without harming the baby.
It is not the case that feces are brown because we eat foods of all different colors that end up mixing and creating brown.
It is not the case that military refers to female superiors as Mom.
It is not the case that we can't just scoop up the trash floating on the top of the ocean.
It is not the case that gps coordinates account for the earth's curvature.
It is not the case that animals stomachs handle dirt and germs on the ground.
It is not the case that plastic water bottles should be replaced by canned water.
It is not the case that cities should create landfill to build on like they did in the past.
It is not the case that vitamin B12 is only found in animal products.
It is not the case that computers and cars know what time it is.
It is not the case that homeowners associations exist.
It is not the case that the low carb high fat keto diet provides more energy.
It is not the case that phones know they are going to run out of battery in x seconds.
It is not the case that steering wheels run the electrics for media/infotainment controls through the steering column.
It is not the case that if we can transfer antibodies from immune people to sick people, then we can't cure them easily.
It is not the case that exact timings of solstices and equinoxes vary.
It is not the case that older people still call young priests "father"
It is not the case that games are playable at 20% of the download.
It is not the case that bodybuilders and laborers are the same.
It is not the case that you are thristy after 7 hours of sleep.
It is not the case that bugs and other insects have a short lifespan.
It is not the case that water doesn't moisturize your skin.
It is not the case that sticking one leg out cools off the body mass that is most uncomfortable.
It is not the case that the burning of the Library of Alexandria set us back technologically.
It is not the case that larger predator birds do not annihilate pigeon and seagull populations in cities.
It is not the case that species with naturally small populations are considered endangered.
It is not the case that animals like squirrels need to drink water.
Salmonella does not occur inside of fruits, it occurs outside due to improper handling procedures between harvest and consumption.
It is not the case that sky moves with us when we move our head around.
It is not the case that adults feel less pain than children.
It is not the case that some clothes have an SPF rating.
It is not the case that belly button lint is always dark colored.
It is not the case that cutting yourself causes a bleed.
It is not the case that people are able to sense when they are being watched.
It is not the case that moss grows on the north side of a tree in the northern hemisphere.
It is not the case that taste buds are off when you're sick.
It is not the case that raw eggs are safe to eat.
It is not the case that a jury can decide a chemical pesticide causes cancer vs a scientific medical review board or community.
It is not the case that connecting an electrical circuit without an appliance on it causes fires/explosions.
It is not the case that troops keep us free.
It is not the case that brains do not have pain receptors.
It is not the case that airlines charge extra for luggage over weight.
It is not the case that if the world was warmer and had more oxygen than now, then the weather would have been more violent.
True temperature is accurate in the sense of what the temperature actually is in the air of the environment.
It is not the case that if we can't breathe 100% O2 and stay alive for a few minutes without breathing, then we should be able to.
It is not the case that the United States can't afford to pay for healthcare like Canada does.
Sound does get reflected by mirrors, and any other flat surface.
It is not the case that strong encryption is important if passwords can be cracked easily through brute force.
It is not the case that the Homo Sapiens is 200.000 years old.
It is not the case that we can't understand animals.
Alcohol makes it more likely for you to vomit.
It is not the case that pixels know when and what color to display.
It is not the case that bugs can survive a large drop where for a human or other animal, it would kill them.
Throwing knives always hit blade first.
It is not the case that earphones separate sound in vertical space.
It is not the case that the Native Americans were behind cultures on other continents.
It is not the case that if a human goes for a long enough period without bleeding, the same 1.5 gallons of blood recirculates forever or is it recycled within the body?
It is not the case that nuclear fusion and fission are opposite sides of the same hill.
It is not the case that pilots know when to expect turbulence.
MP3s are compressed lossy files.
It is not the case that oil fields should collapse after oil is pumped out.
It is not the case that mist can contain salt but water vapor does not.
Package contents make mail rates different, even if weight is similar.
It is not the case that there should not be 2 life sentences or over 100 years in prison.
It is not the case that plants grow from a tiny seed using water and sunlight.
It is not the case that ski jumpers should sustain injury when landing.
It is not the case that brining has the opposite effect on meat.
It is not the case that blood glucose can be measured noninvasively.
It is not the case that the water on Earth gets replenished.
It is not the case that people that punch a cement block break their hand.
It is not the case that bread or candy makes you fatter.
It is not the case that cars have cameras that broadcast the top of the car and the surrounding area.
It is not the case that cellphones receive texts while turned off.
It is not the case that birds know which direction to turn in unison.
It is not the case that being dehydrated gives you a headache.
It is not the case that phones have octa-core processors.
It is not the case that brain damage is permanent.
It is not the case that everything looks blurry when looking underwater.
It is not the case that venereal diseases cannot be cleared without medicine.
Labels invest millions into artists and have many of them.
It is not the case that all the other rocky planets in photos look covered in craters from meteors, yet earth doesn't seem to have any.
It is not the case that baking soda eliminates odors.
It is not the case that the Greeks did not translate into the languages of the other cultures.
It is not the case that weed B gone kills grass.
It is not the case that paying full-time pastors/reverends a salary is profit.
It is not the case that drinking more is the most effective cure to a hangover.
It is not the case that explosions in space do not go on infinitely.
It is not the case that flat carbonated water and still water have a taste difference.
It is not the case that steam is invisible when sub-boiling temperatures.
It is not the case that thunder occurs with lightning strikes to the ground.
It is not the case that electric charges accumulate on the sharp points of a conductor.
It is not the case that we have not gotten rid of the awkward delay from news station to live reporter.
It is not the case that radio apps require a headphone as antenna.
It is not the case that gold runs in veins.
It is not the case that electric car manufacturers use lots of batteries wired together instead of one big one.
It is not the case that the power grid is able to work even when some circuits are not closed.
It is not the case that coke Zero contains no sugar, calories or caffeine.
It is not the case that Woodpeckers do not get brain damage from hammering their head against trees.
It is not the case that people with Alzheimer's disease do not forget how to speak their native language.
It is not the case that the four seasons have the effect they do on animals and vegetation but don't seem to have an effect on humans.
It is not the case that if 50% of genes come from the mother, the strongest male doesn't end up mating with a weak female.
It is not the case that fresh fruit producers are using eye-catching design for wholesale boxes which the typical buyer will never see.
It is not the case that you can burn coffee, but you can't burn tea or water.
It is not the case that it is impossible to avoid death by constantly getting transplants from younger people.
It is not the case that bunker freezers should not be able to trap cold air inside.
It is not the case that house dust is mostly dead skin.
It is not the case that ROM is read only memory.
It is not the case that objects further away seem to be moving slower.
It is not the case that MMA fighters hate to suffer from cutting weight.
It is not the case that if you notice American accents on TV shows/Movies, you should.
It is not the case that remixes are fair use.
It is not the case that washing machines turn clothes inside out from agitation.
It is not the case that vaccines work after an initial disease exposure.
It is not the case that by the start of WW1 there were already reliable fighting aircrafts.
It is not the case that another is acceptable spelling of an other.
It is not the case that large mirrors stop reflecting a single image when cracked.
It is not the case that more digits means more accuracy.
It is not the case that chess and Go are played on the same board.
It is not the case that alcohol affects blood sugar in people with diabetes.
It is not the case that water should evaporate even if ambient temp is less than its boiling point.
It is not the case that there is no solid ground on Saturn.
It is not the case that 60fps should not be available for 720p and above.
It is not the case that an increased heart rate from exercise is healthy but from stimulant based drugs it is unhealthy.
It is not the case that insurance companies work in instances of something as priceless as Notre Dame.
It is not the case that american Olympic gymnasts are better as teens than college athletes.
It is not the case that space time exists within the empty parts of the universe.
It is not the case that the moon is visible at daytime.
It is not the case that the US Federal Government requires people to work without pay.
It is not the case that fog is easier to see in a forest than in a field.
Spacecrafts have a heat shield that faces the direction of atmosphere entry that protects them.
It is not the case that mom can't put gas in her car while it's running.
It is not the case that babies should drown during water birth.
It is not the case that radio signals are intertwined and mixed up.
We do know how to make Damascus steel knives.
It is not the case that if we don't open windows in our house for long periods of time, we will run out of air to breathe.
It is not the case that airlines wait so long to notify passengers of delayed or cancelled flights.
It is not the case that the minor key is sadder and darker than the major key.
It is not the case that insects do not get completely deafened by the noises all the giant things are making around them.
It is not the case that bodies have so many "defenses" that are actually harmful or even potentially deadly.
It is not the case that the bone on the heel doesn't poke through the skin when you run a marathon.
It is not the case that humans shouldn't inhale carbon dioxide during CPR.
It is not the case that serotonin levels are measured in a depressed patient.
It is not the case that some things get wet and others don't.
It is not the case that 5G uses millimeter waves.
It is not the case that firearms lose all their velocity at some point during the travel time.
It is not the case that the queen in Chess is the strongest.
It is not the case that plastic can't be made to decompose faster.
It is not the case that if an atom is so profoundly tiny that only recently we could see them, then we should be able to confirm their existence.
It is not the case that hydroponics works if overwatering plants kills them.
It is not the case that shampoo, shower gel and normal hand soap are different.
It is not the case that bank/money transfers taking “business days” when everything is automatic and computerized.
It is not the case that vehicles detect how far you can go on your current amount of gas.
It is not the case that cheap earphones end up with only one ear bud working.
It is not the case that lobsters are semi-immortal, while shrimp have short lives.
Ratings are an extrapolated statistic based on some fraction of the population who has volunteered to have their TV fitted with a device which does indeed send such a signal.
Pet fish do get bored, but they are not bored.
It is not the case that if the universe expands faster than light, then we cannot see anything.
It is not the case that the pressure in our chest increases as we hold our breath.
Arrows have more mass and lower velocity, therefore they are less affected by the resistance of the same area of water.
It is not the case that atoms are almost completely air.
It is not the case that the moon is white.
It is not the case that people should not forget their language when they get amnesia.
It is not the case that the air coming in cold when you open a moving car window is not the case.
It is not the case that dogs are unreliable for smelling.
It is not the case that animals in general are getting smaller.
It is not the case that heat is a measure of the mean kinetic energy of the particles of a substance.
It is not the case that a single degree Celsius makes a huge difference when it comes to fevers.
It is not the case that microSD cards should not hold 1TB of data.
It is not the case that women synchonize their period with women around them.
It is not the case that car insurance premiums do not decrease automatically as the car deprecates.
It is not the case that water in our drinking glass is clear and colorless.
It is not the case that the maximum amount of insurance on the church is enough to cover the rebuilding cost.
Blockbuster movies are kept off the internet before disc/digital download release.
It is not the case that gravity radiates from black holes.
It is not the case that the USA is at its lowest unemployment rates in recent history and highest rates of welfare.
It is not the case that fat people have more skin.
It is not the case that fair skin helps people in environments with low sun absorb Vitamen D.
It is not the case that if a coin is flipped and got heads twice, the odds are 1/4 or 40%.
It is not the case that nearsighted people can't see reflections of far-away objects.
It is not the case that babies learn to drink from a bottle while lying down.
It is not the case that alcohol makes me awake and nicotine makes me sleepy.
It is not the case that china has a fixation on harmless nations like Tibet and Taiwan.
It is not the case that people jump from the stratosphere without burning.
It is not the case that death metal drummers need to use the exact same drum or cymbal.
It is not the case that it takes several days to perform some electronic banking activities.
It is not the case that marathoners rarely run marathon distances in training.
It is not the case that it is safe to wash your hands with non-boiled water.
Diesel engines have to be built stronger to allow higher compression ratios that can auto-ignite the fuel.
It is not the case that all lists are made in form of click to see next.
It is not the case that birds go non-stop.
It is not the case that body heats itself up.
It is not the case that if the intestine doesn't have pain receptors, then it is not a pain receptor.
It is not the case that it takes energy just to stand.
It is not the case that free divers can't go longer than 6 minutes without oxygen before brain damage occurs.
It is not the case that saliva breaks down fat and carbs.
It is not the case that plants can survive in a pond.
It is not the case that if the human body uses fever to kill infections, then a limb could be heated up in a container of water to eliminate an infection.
It is not the case that milk should go bad after 10 days.
It is not the case that the Ruble in the USSR was worthless.
It is not the case that the constitution is constantly attacked by people hired to protect it.
It is not the case that dust sticks to stationary objects.
It is not the case that the ocean is blue when it is clear.
It is not the case that medieval era people cut their toenails using knives.
It is not the case that a computer can remove vocals from a song and leave the instrumental part intact.
It is not the case that golf players earn more compering than other athletes who are way more known.
It is not the case that bar soap makes your skin feel sticky.
It is not the case that if we don't have pain receptors on our physical brains, then headaches shouldn't hurt our heads.
Wheel chocks keep wheels from rolling, they don't need to be able to handle any weight.
Current is not being stored in power plants.
It is not the case that if a camera lens is round, the picture should be square or rectangular.
It is not the case that doctors say "GSW" when it contains more syllables than "gun shot wound".
Round trip tickets are not cheaper than one way tickets.
It is not the case that brown sugar should always be wet.
It is not the case that insurance companies should be able to cover NOTRE-DAME rebuild.
It is not the case that the brain differentiates between different unconscious states.
It is not the case that bodily functions work when someone is in a coma.
It is not the case that tubs and shower surfaces are not made out of non slippery materials.
It is not the case that giants are slow in movies.
It is not the case that doctors can restart a dead donated heart.
It is not the case that solids cannot be compressed.
It is not the case that a signal from a cellphone knows where to go.
Walmart processes millions of payments per day.
It is not the case that we can get satellites down from orbit to replace/fix them.
It is not the case that digestion is painful.
It is not the case that humans cannot last without brushing their teeth.
It is not the case that edible garden weeds should have been cultivated and farmed by humans.
It is not the case that women should save up their eggs when they take the pill which stops periods.
It is not the case that all plastic can't be recycled the same way.
It is not the case that skiers should not break their legs.
It is not the case that we only cure pork into ham.
It is not the case that some older works are being released from copyright when they were written before 1923.
It is not the case that feeding people with brain dead coma is difficult.
It is not the case that hairs on our bodies know what length to stop growing at.
It is not the case that irine is sterile when hot.
It is not the case that humans are wired to wake and go to sleep long past sunrise and sunset.
It is not the case that producers, DJs and remix artists can separate the singing/lyrics from the original song so cleanly.
There is no single standard for emergency sirens on vehicles.
It is not the case that once we are able to 3d print records, it will be digital or analog.
It is not the case that supply-side economics works when it is considered successful compared to alternatives.
It is not the case that a phone tells the difference between a step and random movement.
We can engineer or artificially increase the amount of T cells a person has to combat cancer.
It is not the case that chesmists of 1700s - 1900s knew how many protons the elements have.
It is not the case that if you need to have signed consent to audio/video record people, you should not be sued for secret cameras and wire recordings.
It is not the case that two notes that are an octave apart are the same note if they have different frequencies.
Motion does not generate heat.
It is not the case that self-driving cars are able to stop at intersections without traffic lights and still know when it is alright/safe to turn.
It is not the case that living lactic/yogurt cultures are killed during digestion.
It is not the case that alcohol kills anxiety.
It is not the case that salting of roads in the more frigid locales leads to a hardening of the local water.
It is not the case that cops should not destroy their ears when they get in a fire fight.
Hammerhead sharks have significant overlap in their field of vision which makes their ability to track prey with binocular vision adequate.
It is not the case that the virus is making you weak as you recover.
It is not the case that old guitars are better guitars.
It is not the case that animals know what they can and can't eat.
It is not the case that spaceX should send junk like cars and 12 thousand satellites into orbit.
It is not the case that if the skin on the fingers is damaged, then the body will not grow fingerprints the same way.
Satellites orbit the earth at the same rate it spins, so they remain over the same spot of ground.
It is not the case that if the retina is adjacent to the iris, then the area we can see does not change.
It is not the case that if primary colors are Red, Blue, and Yellow, then displays and televisions should not be built on a Red, Blue, and Green color standard.
It is not the case that splitting Berlin was a bad idea during the cold war.
China no longer has a one-child policy, it ended in 2015.
It is not the case that people on the phone cannot hear themselves when on speaker.
It is not the case that 4WD is different than 4x4
The US has an extreme form of first past the post electoral system where the system is first past the post all the way from the very top to the very local level.
It is not the case that essential furloughed workers are not protected under the 13th Amendment.
The catholic church does not deal with sexual assault allegations against priests.
It is not the case that if someone can survive a fall, then someone can die down a flight of stairs.
It is not the case that an atom needs to have an equal number of protons and electrons to be stable.
It is not the case that salt water is good for healing.
It is not the case that countries should not be able to make their own money.
It is not the case that if my internet speed is 500mbps, then my devices should be able to download at less than 10% of their internet capacity.
It is not the case that immigrants are held at detention centers instead of being deported.
It is not the case that a crack in the ceiling of a tunnel causes a powerful vacuum effect or blowout.
It is not the case that the fall of the Roman empire is considered the turning point between antiquity and the European middle ages.
It is not the case that plastic bags are not recyclable.
There is a second person perspective.
It is not the case that skydivers breath while free-falling when wind is blowing against their face.
It is not the case that a computer's bootloader does not require a factory reset.
It is not the case that companies like Walgreens and CVS make generic medication without being sued.
It is not the case that womens bodies synchronise periods when they live together.
It is not the case that humans have not connected the Bering Strait with road or rail.
It is not the case that the trilemma of the Simluation Theory concludes that we are living in a simulation.
It is not the case that some countries have super deadly animals while others don't.
Search engines use bots that crawl web pages all over the internet for content and keywords.
It is not the case that spaceships with Earth-like gravity are realistic.
It is not the case that governments can find people who fly drones in dangerous areas.
Permafrost is there to distinguish it from seasonal frozen ground that freeze in the winter but get warm in the summer.
It is not the case that gaming companies should not be able to make money off of pirating their outdated products.
It is not the case that eating your own poo would make you unwell.
It is not the case that ceramic is a clay.
It is not the case that only one nostril gets plugged up when you have a stuffy nose.
It is not the case that bananas get more sugary after they overripen.
It is not the case that censoring the eyes in a person's picture is enough to make someone unidentifiable.
It is not the case that babies should not be able to sleep on their back.
It is not the case that control of gravity would solve most space travel problems.
It is not the case that corn has no nutritional value.
Cold medicine is not supposed to make our bodies take longer to heal.
It is not the case that science has progressed enough to be able to communicate with animals.
It is not the case that biodegradable trash should be disposed of under the desert.
It is not the case that lungs heal themselves after smoking.
It is not the case that the earth's weight is calculated.
It is not the case that humans are homogenous compared to other animals.
It is not the case that 1 kg of body mass is 7700 calories.
Magnets don't control the flow of hydrogen they control the flow of plasma.
It is not the case that the Sentinelese have been uncontacted throughout history.
Bugs are not intelligent enough to recognize being swatted at is connected to what they are doing.
It is not the case that burner phones are untraceable by the police.
It is not the case that a country can't create a nation.
It is not the case that hairs decide to split into two and become split ends.
It is not the case that there is an equal and opposite reaction for everything.
It is not the case that certain hairs on our body know not to exceed a certain length.
It is not the case that laser sights work at a certain distance.
It is not the case that things rot without oxygen.
It is not the case that the flu is only around for a season instead of being around all of the time.
It is not the case that people dry age beef.
It is not the case that nuclear fusion produces more energy than nuclear fission.
It is not the case that rivets are still used when we have advanced welding techniques and hex-bolts.
It is not the case that superglue does not stick to the inside of the bottle.
It is not the case that the Earth takes exactly 24h.
It is not the case that water in lakes and rivers doesn't get absorbed into the ground.
It is not the case that if neutering or spaying an animal is necessary to prevent unwanted babies, then giving them a hysterectomy or vasectomy instead.
It is not the case that people of ancient civilizations knew they were part of a new empire or such when wars occurred and civilizations expanded into different regions.
It is not the case that creatures are smaller today than they were millions of years ago with the dinosaurs.
It is not the case that lice disappears when someone is 12 years old.
It is not the case that our bodies store excess fat, sugar, cholesterol etc.
It is not the case that we can't reproduce ancient crafting methods like Roman Concrete, Damascus Steel, or Greek Fire.
It is not the case that we should sleep on our sides and not backs.
It is not the case that you can't see stars in pictures taken from space.
It is not the case that artificial sweeteners should be hundreds upon hundreds of times more sweet than sucrose.
It is not the case that barometric pressure changes with the weather.
It is not the case that consoles run games smoothly.
It is not the case that plastic is cleaned before recycling.
It is not the case that biometric verification systems don't use fingerprint sensors from smart phones.
It is not the case that people are now focused on automation replacing jobs.
It is not the case that you should start watching soap operas from the first episode.
It is not the case that memes are not jokes.
It is not the case that if you can't see UV lasers, then it is not necessary to have sight.
The fetus does not have an independent immune system.
It is not the case that water from lakes and other lakes should not have to boil.
It is not the case that brown and hazel eyes are the same trait.
It is not the case that defenders should have made more stone walls behind the gate.
Homo sapiens would not migrate north into colder climates.
Ultima Thule is only 21 miles across, but we can't seem to find a giant missing 9th planet.
It is not the case that random songs are random.
It is not the case that MREs should not expire.
It is not the case that wood houses are better suited to withstand tornadoes than stone houses.
It is not the case that dry firing a bow is bad because the energy goes somewhere.
It is not the case that open world games go without interstitial loading screens.
It is not the case that the US government is almost $22 Trillion in debt.
It is not the case that water permanently damages paper.
It is not the case that glass can bend when vibrating, but trying to bend under any other condition merely shatters it.
It is not the case that nuts do not go bad like other food.
It is not the case that transitioning to green energy would pay itself off in the long run.
It is not the case that a law/similiar ruling does not exist unless the lawyer brings it up.
Tin foil does get hot, but it has very little mass and a very high surface area compared to that mass.
It is not the case that humans can feel the Earth rotating if it is spinning so fast.
It is not the case that the lighter does not blow up when you turn the on flame.
It is not the case that automakers should put a limited slip differential in a sports car over a locked differential or a positrac.
Bridges lack what most roads have, a lively earth underneath them.
It is not the case that if current through a wire creates an electromagnetic field, then the human body would create one.
It is not the case that the USA is one of top polluters in most sources.
It is not the case that hot tea is effective to cool down on a warm day.
It is not the case that mainstream websites link those clickbait articles.
It is not the case that a virus can spread over LAN.
It is not the case that cell phones are silent.
Photos and videos are generally the same, but they are not always the same.
It is not the case that people with dark skin can say they are half white and white people can say they are half black.
It is not the case that the sky is blue because the blue wavelengths get scattered.
It is not the case that rainbows are shaped like U.
It is not the case that scent travels in water.
It is not the case that food goes stale when exposed to outside air for long enough.
It is not the case that multistage rockets fall apart upon launch.
It is not the case that stomach knows the difference between food and liquid.
It is not the case that if we have a runny nose from a head cold or allergies, it should stop running while we sleep.
It is not the case that Tom Clancy Novels are realeased under his name when he died in 2013.
It is not the case that all stars are white.
It is not the case that viruses are sorted into any kingdom.
It is not the case that light sets the cosmic speed limit.
It is not the case that sound should travel faster through helium.
It is not the case that a person is kept alive during a heart transplant.
It is not the case that 5 years is too short a time to make a new roof for Notre Dame in Paris.
It is not the case that if a person hits a vein or artery, they will bleed quite a bit.
It is not the case that bows are flexible.
It is not the case that blue lobsters turn when cooked.
We can't do anything with black holes, but we can do lots of experiments with light and solid matter of all sorts of different types.
It is not the case that a gene is preventing a human from regenerating complete organs or limbs.
It is not the case that there is not enough land left for the dead.
There is no east or west at the poles.
It is not the case that 72 degree water feels colder than 72 degree air.
It is not the case that eyes water after a yawn.
It is not the case that plug an AC electical plug backwards into a socket and it still works.
It is not the case that skeletons can be EXTREMELY light and also capable of supporting EXTREMEly heavy weights at the same time.
It is not the case that there is a word for "God bless you" after a sneeze in every language.
It is not the case that octopus meat does not have muscle fibers like pork or beef.
It is not the case that battery performance drops if left on charge while it is already fully charged.
It is not the case that washing dish soaps down the drain is considered harmful to us.
It is not the case that the infrastructure of 15 years ago is still being used by cable companies today.
It is not the case that electricity can only travel in a closed circuit.
It is not the case that pressure decreases as altitudes increase.
It is not the case that cigarettes contain volatile solvents.
It is not the case that vacuum is a thermal insulator.
Microwaved bread has already gone through this process once (during the initial baking) so it contains less water.
Bank cards are a way to transfer money digitally.
It is not the case that it takes 48 hours to transmit from tick to human.
It is not the case that laptop screens display more things on the screen than monitors.
It is not the case that tiredness is the only factor that controls your ability to fall asleep.
It is not the case that radiation poisoning is contagious.
It is not the case that companies are forced to pay the government for a violation of the law.