The color spectrum can be wrapped into a continuous color wheel.
Sweat from our armpits stinks.
If a game is already on a disc, it should not be able to be downloaded.
Babies should walk almost immediately like mammals.
Mountains are the highest point in a given area.
There are many gpu manufacturers but not many CPU manufacturers.
Media should be allowed to deliberately mislead people.
Water is bad for leather when it is just animal skin.
Cold weather or beverages can cause sickness.
Paralysed people feel pain but not much, if anything else.
When popping popcorn, the first kernel popped does not burn.
Media outlets calculate x amount of people watched a certain game.
100 degrees Fahrenheit is considered the starting point of a fever.
Large herbivores grow so large and powerful despite eating only plants and fruit.
Animals stop working and just freeze.
Respectable websites allow junky clickbait adverts.
Sunblock covered skin should be darker under a uv camera.
Individual states are able to make abortion illegal after the US Supreme court ruled that banning abortions was unconstitutional back in 1973.
Flavored seltzer has 10 calories per bottle.
Water has to be 100° to become steam.
Allergy shots stimulate the immune system to clear up more allergens in the body.
We should be able to breed tiny fish babies en masse and dump them in the ocean to solve overfishing.
If we can hear our digestion but not other bodily processes, then we cannot hear them.
Animals get to full grown adult size faster than humans.
Oranges are presliced by nature.
The President is able to remove and appoint people in completely different organizations than his own cabinet.
High fever causes achy joints.
People can come back after being pronounced dead.
Seedless fruits grow.
Farting is the only way to get rid of air in the stomach.
It is a weird hill to die on.
A shunt placement for treating hydrocephalus does not lead to permanent disability.
Candy companies can't make fruit flavored candy taste closer to the fruit that they are trying to replicate.
If we increased the temperature of water every time our body got used to it, it should not go as high as it should go.
You can't buy bunches of basil at the grocery like you can buy parsley and cilantro.
Computer screens operate on projecting an image through light.
Clouds are made up of water that has evaporated.
Deep sea exploration is difficult.
A photon can move an electron if it has no mass.
Earth has not been hit by an asteroid yet.
Tech companies need software engineers when they have provided the same service for years.
Adrenaline acts faster than other hormones.
Bacteriophages cause bacteria to lose antibiotic resistance in order to counter bacteriophage.
Motion occurs when the reaction is opposite and equal.
Flushable wet wipes stay intact before being used.
Electronics should be put in a separate tray at airport security screenings.
If a vein is split or a large artery is cut without medical attention, you will bleed out.
If peanuts aren't nuts, then people with a nut allergy die from them.
Cockroaches do not have to survive a major apocalypse.
In the US, I need to sign the back of a check that is made out to me.
Orbits of planets and moons are elliptical.
Phone companies should be able to supply unlimited high speed data.
Restaurants like KFC keep their recipe secret.
We can't image the Galaxy we are in.
Mammals and birds have personalities and emotions.
Homes should be built under ground.
It is more effective to take a dose of aspirin, acetaminophen, ibuprofen, and/or naproxen.
Keeping organs on ice is bad.
The Germans sent people to camps instead of shooting them.
Some batteries are not rechargable.
Wi-Fi signals travel through walls, floors, doors etc.
Plasma is just ionized gas.
There are no seasons in gardens.
Colder climates keep food heated instead of refrigerated.
Water vapor adds moisture to the air and prevents dryness.
A person in a coma can undergo surgery without anesthesia.
Puddles of spilt drinks attract ants.
Humans can't see all wavelengths.
Animals teeth cannot rot away if they can not "brush" them like humans.
Pots corrode when used on an inductive cooktop.
Planes can't have polished metal cars.
Bank transfers in the US are not instant.
A pressurized oxygen line should be run all the way to the top of Mount Everest.
Muscles around the neck are tired or sore.
A utility that functions as a monopoly declares bankruptcy.
The picture in the view finder and the final photo change when we rotate out cameras from vertical to horizontal.
Smartphones are faster than PCs.
Burned wood is better than unburned wood.
Cops need to use a radar gun to get your speed.
You can't pinpoint your location with GPS on your phone without service on the ground.
Large radiation sources cause surrounding objects to become radioactive.
Doctors should not be able to keep from getting sick while constantly being around contagious sick people.
Caffeine energizes the human body.
Companies like Western Union and other firms that serve the same purpose should die due to PayPal and Venmo.
Old games are re released after 10+ years from when they were made.
Water is clear, snow is white.
If a hard disk has more than 70GB of usable memory, it should be able to use that space.
We can freeze human sperm and eggs indefinitely without killing them.
Biological functions drive sexual attraction in heterosexuals.
Voices in people's head always tell them to do bad things.
Desert oasis is possible without natural underground water.
Ants carry dead ants back to the nest.
Small screens have a better resolution than bigger screens.
Hybrid animals can't reproduce.
Supercomputers compute e and pi values correctly.
Cats refuse to eat when the bottom of their food bowl is visible.
ALS is impossible to cure.
Strictly vegetarian animals can go from drinking milk as babies to only eating grass.
Calories are calculated in food.
Muscles shake violently when lifting weights or something heavy.
Certain places guarantee you will get a job after receiving their certifications.
It would be helpful to record people turning off the gas, closint the water, etc.
Choreography channels can use popular music without copyright strikes.
Gravity is the source of gravity.
A company should not present disappointing metrics on their earnings report.
Sisyphus is happy with his punishment.
Chromosome number is a factor that determines the complexity of the species.
Weather changes immune system become weak.
Ventilated air does not become warmer.
Cane sugar is different from other types of sugar.
Blurring can be removed.
Universities should not be able to get legal cocaine from a pharmacy.
Earth was burned before humans appeared.
If all college debt is forgiven, then the college would have to pay the millions.
Amendments should be made to religious books to keep up with growing times.
If a recording from the 80's was filmed yesterday, it should not look like it was filmed yesterday.
The sun is on fire.
Everyone is buying and selling stocks at market price.
Moving objects should not prevent dust from collecting on surfaces.
Space is cooling down constantly.
If we met aliens from another galaxy, we would measure time the same way.
We haven't gone to a specific screw type yet.
Mobile phones should not have working ad lockers.
Blood tests to determine a fetus' sex work if the mother and fetus do not share blood.
Water is not a good lubricant.
Birds know how to build a nest.
You should not be able to keep bandages on post surgery for an extended amount of time before they can be washed/changed without getting an infection.
Men going through a divorce have to split half of what they own.
Spiders get stuck in their own web.
There are separate men and women's chess divisions.
The water cycle is a closed system.
Video games cause things to clip through one another.
You shouldn't vomit after accidentally ingesting chemical products.
Thunderstorms happen more frequently at night than during the day.
Light can bounce off objects but it has no mass.
Heart drops when terrified or jump scared.
Pregnant women should not be able to do Fentanyl during labor without harming the baby.
Feces are brown because we eat foods of all different colors that end up mixing and creating brown.
Military refers to female superiors as Mom.
We can't just scoop up the trash floating on the top of the ocean.
Gps coordinates account for the earth's curvature.
Animals stomachs handle dirt and germs on the ground.
Plastic water bottles should be replaced by canned water.
Cities should create landfill to build on like they did in the past.
Vitamin B12 is only found in animal products.
Computers and cars know what time it is.
Homeowners associations exist.
The low carb high fat keto diet provides more energy.
Phones know they are going to run out of battery in x seconds.
Steering wheels run the electrics for media/infotainment controls through the steering column.
If we can transfer antibodies from immune people to sick people, then we can't cure them easily.
Exact timings of solstices and equinoxes vary.
Older people still call young priests "father"
Games are playable at 20% of the download.
Bodybuilders and laborers are the same.
You are thristy after 7 hours of sleep.
Bugs and other insects have a short lifespan.
Water doesn't moisturize your skin.
Sticking one leg out cools off the body mass that is most uncomfortable.
The burning of the Library of Alexandria set us back technologically.
Larger predator birds do not annihilate pigeon and seagull populations in cities.
Species with naturally small populations are considered endangered.
Animals like squirrels need to drink water.
Salmonella occurs inside of fruits.
Sky moves with us when we move our head around.
Adults feel less pain than children.
Some clothes have an SPF rating.
Belly button lint is always dark colored.
Cutting yourself causes a bleed.
People are able to sense when they are being watched.
Moss grows on the north side of a tree in the northern hemisphere.
Taste buds are off when you're sick.
Raw eggs are safe to eat.
A jury can decide a chemical pesticide causes cancer vs a scientific medical review board or community.
Connecting an electrical circuit without an appliance on it causes fires/explosions.
Troops keep us free.
Brains do not have pain receptors.
Airlines charge extra for luggage over weight.
If the world was warmer and had more oxygen than now, then the weather would have been more violent.
True temperature vs feels like temperature is accurate.
If we can't breathe 100% O2 and stay alive for a few minutes without breathing, then we should be able to.
The United States can't afford to pay for healthcare like Canada does.
Sound and 4G waves are not reflected by mirrors.
Strong encryption is important if passwords can be cracked easily through brute force.
The Homo Sapiens is 200.000 years old.
We can't understand animals.
Drinking alcohol decreases the effectiveness of antibiotics.
Pixels know when and what color to display.
Bugs can survive a large drop where for a human or other animal, it would kill them.
Throwing knives always hit blade first.
Earphones separate sound in vertical space.
The Native Americans were behind cultures on other continents.
If a human goes for a long enough period without bleeding, the same 1.5 gallons of blood recirculates forever or is it recycled within the body?
Nuclear fusion and fission are opposite sides of the same hill.
Pilots know when to expect turbulence.
Music files should be small when the state of the waveform is saved 48000 times per second.
Oil fields should collapse after oil is pumped out.
Mist can contain salt but water vapor does not.
Package contents makes mail rates different.
There should not be 2 life sentences or over 100 years in prison.
Plants grow from a tiny seed using water and sunlight.
Ski jumpers should sustain injury when landing.
Brining has the opposite effect on meat.
Blood glucose can be measured noninvasively.
The water on Earth gets replenished.
People that punch a cement block break their hand.
Bread or candy makes you fatter.
Cars have cameras that broadcast the top of the car and the surrounding area.
Cellphones receive texts while turned off.
Birds know which direction to turn in unison.
Being dehydrated gives you a headache.
Phones have octa-core processors.
Brain damage is permanent.
Everything looks blurry when looking underwater.
Venereal diseases cannot be cleared without medicine.
Labels hold their artists back from releasing music.
All the other rocky planets in photos look covered in craters from meteors, yet earth doesn't seem to have any.
Baking soda eliminates odors.
The Greeks did not translate into the languages of the other cultures.
Weed B gone kills grass.
Paying full-time pastors/reverends a salary is profit.
Drinking more is the most effective cure to a hangover.
Explosions in space do not go on infinitely.
Flat carbonated water and still water have a taste difference.
Steam is invisible when sub-boiling temperatures.
Thunder occurs with lightning strikes to the ground.
Electric charges accumulate on the sharp points of a conductor.
We have not gotten rid of the awkward delay from news station to live reporter.
Radio apps require a headphone as antenna.
Gold runs in veins.
Electric car manufacturers use lots of batteries wired together instead of one big one.
The power grid is able to work even when some circuits are not closed.
Coke Zero contains no sugar, calories or caffeine.
Woodpeckers do not get brain damage from hammering their head against trees.
People with Alzheimer's disease do not forget how to speak their native language.
The four seasons have the effect they do on animals and vegetation but don't seem to have an effect on humans.
If 50% of genes come from the mother, the strongest male doesn't end up mating with a weak female.
Fresh fruit producers are using eye-catching design for wholesale boxes which the typical buyer will never see.
You can burn coffee, but you can't burn tea or water.
It is impossible to avoid death by constantly getting transplants from younger people.
Bunker freezers should not be able to trap cold air inside.
House dust is mostly dead skin.
ROM is read only memory.
Objects further away seem to be moving slower.
MMA fighters hate to suffer from cutting weight.
If you notice American accents on TV shows/Movies, you should.
Remixes are fair use.
Washing machines turn clothes inside out from agitation.
Vaccines work after an initial disease exposure.
By the start of WW1 there were already reliable fighting aircrafts.
Another is acceptable spelling of an other.
Large mirrors stop reflecting a single image when cracked.
More digits means more accuracy.
Chess and Go are played on the same board.
Alcohol affects blood sugar in people with diabetes.
Water should evaporate even if ambient temp is less than its boiling point.
There is no solid ground on Saturn.
60fps should not be available for 720p and above.
An increased heart rate from exercise is healthy but from stimulant based drugs it is unhealthy.
Insurance companies work in instances of something as priceless as Notre Dame.
American Olympic gymnasts are better as teens than college athletes.
Space time exists within the empty parts of the universe.
The moon is visible at daytime.
The US Federal Government requires people to work without pay.
Fog is easier to see in a forest than in a field.
Spacecrafts can't get into and out of the atmosphere if the meteors are disintegrated as they enter the atmosphere.
Mom can't put gas in her car while it's running.
Babies should drown during water birth.
Radio signals are intertwined and mixed up.
We don't know how to make Damascus steel knives.
If we don't open windows in our house for long periods of time, we will run out of air to breathe.
Airlines wait so long to notify passengers of delayed or cancelled flights.
The minor key is sadder and darker than the major key.
Insects do not get completely deafened by the noises all the giant things are making around them.
Bodies have so many "defenses" that are actually harmful or even potentially deadly.
The bone on the heel doesn't poke through the skin when you run a marathon.
Humans shouldn't inhale carbon dioxide during CPR.
Serotonin levels are measured in a depressed patient.
Some things get wet and others don't.
5G uses millimeter waves.
Firearms lose all their velocity at some point during the travel time.
The queen in Chess is the strongest.
Plastic can't be made to decompose faster.
If an atom is so profoundly tiny that only recently we could see them, then we should be able to confirm their existence.
Hydroponics works if overwatering plants kills them.
Shampoo, shower gel and normal hand soap are different.
Bank/money transfers taking “business days” when everything is automatic and computerized.
Vehicles detect how far you can go on your current amount of gas.
Cheap earphones end up with only one ear bud working.
Lobsters are semi-immortal, while shrimp have short lives.
Ratings are measured.
Pet fish do not get bored in such small tanks.
If the universe expands faster than light, then we cannot see anything.
The pressure in our chest increases as we hold our breath.
Arrows shot from bows can travel much farther in water than bullets which travel significantly faster.
Atoms are almost completely air.
The moon is white.
People should not forget their language when they get amnesia.
The air coming in cold when you open a moving car window is not the case.
Dogs are unreliable for smelling.
Animals in general are getting smaller.
Heat is a measure of the mean kinetic energy of the particles of a substance.
A single degree Celsius makes a huge difference when it comes to fevers.
MicroSD cards should not hold 1TB of data.
Women synchonize their period with women around them.
Car insurance premiums do not decrease automatically as the car deprecates.
Water in our drinking glass is clear and colorless.
The maximum amount of insurance on the church is enough to cover the rebuilding cost.
Blockbuster movies are kept off the internet before disc/digital download release.
Gravity radiates from black holes.
The USA is at its lowest unemployment rates in recent history and highest rates of welfare.
Fat people have more skin.
Fair skin helps people in environments with low sun absorb Vitamen D.
If a coin is flipped and got heads twice, the odds are 1/4 or 40%.
Nearsighted people can't see reflections of far-away objects.
Babies learn to drink from a bottle while lying down.
Alcohol makes me awake and nicotine makes me sleepy.
China has a fixation on harmless nations like Tibet and Taiwan.
People jump from the stratosphere without burning.
Death metal drummers need to use the exact same drum or cymbal.
It takes several days to perform some electronic banking activities.
Marathoners rarely run marathon distances in training.
It is safe to wash your hands with non-boiled water.
Diesel engines should not be built with the same stress safety factors built in and fail at around the same rate.
All lists are made in form of click to see next.
Birds go non-stop.
Body heats itself up.
If the intestine doesn't have pain receptors, then it is not a pain receptor.
It takes energy just to stand.
Free divers can't go longer than 6 minutes without oxygen before brain damage occurs.
Saliva breaks down fat and carbs.
Plants can survive in a pond.
If the human body uses fever to kill infections, then a limb could be heated up in a container of water to eliminate an infection.
Milk should go bad after 10 days.
The Ruble in the USSR was worthless.
The constitution is constantly attacked by people hired to protect it.
Dust sticks to stationary objects.
The ocean is blue when it is clear.
Medieval era people cut their toenails using knives.
A computer can remove vocals from a song and leave the instrumental part intact.
Golf players earn more compering than other athletes who are way more known.
Bar soap makes your skin feel sticky.
If we don't have pain receptors on our physical brains, then headaches shouldn't hurt our heads.
Jack stands and wheel chocks can't hold a 4000lbs car.
Current is stored in power plants.
If a camera lens is round, the picture should be square or rectangular.
Doctors say "GSW" when it contains more syllables than "gun shot wound".
Round trip tickets are cheaper than one way tickets.
Brown sugar should always be wet.
Insurance companies should be able to cover NOTRE-DAME rebuild.
The brain differentiates between different unconscious states.
Bodily functions work when someone is in a coma.
Tubs and shower surfaces are not made out of non slippery materials.
Giants are slow in movies.
Doctors can restart a dead donated heart.
Solids cannot be compressed.
A signal from a cellphone knows where to go.
A store like Walmart processes millions of payments per day.
We can get satellites down from orbit to replace/fix them.
Digestion is painful.
Humans cannot last without brushing their teeth.
Edible garden weeds should have been cultivated and farmed by humans.
Women should save up their eggs when they take the pill which stops periods.
All plastic can't be recycled the same way.
Skiers should not break their legs.
We only cure pork into ham.
Some older works are being released from copyright when they were written before 1923.
Feeding people with brain dead coma is difficult.
Hairs on our bodies know what length to stop growing at.
Irine is sterile when hot.
Humans are wired to wake and go to sleep long past sunrise and sunset.
Producers, DJs and remix artists can separate the singing/lyrics from the original song so cleanly.
Emergency sirens sound different in the US versus in Europe.
Once we are able to 3d print records, it will be digital or analog.
Supply-side economics works when it is considered successful compared to alternatives.
A phone tells the difference between a step and random movement.
We can't engineer or artificially increase the amount of T cells a person has to combat cancer.
Chesmists of 1700s - 1900s knew how many protons the elements have.
If you need to have signed consent to audio/video record people, you should not be sued for secret cameras and wire recordings.
Two notes that are an octave apart are the same note if they have different frequencies.
Motion generates heat.
Self-driving cars are able to stop at intersections without traffic lights and still know when it is alright/safe to turn.
Living lactic/yogurt cultures are killed during digestion.
Alcohol kills anxiety.
Salting of roads in the more frigid locales leads to a hardening of the local water.
Cops should not destroy their ears when they get in a fire fight.
Hammerhead sharks have eyes on their sides.
The virus is making you weak as you recover.
Old guitars are better guitars.
Animals know what they can and can't eat.
SpaceX should send junk like cars and 12 thousand satellites into orbit.
If the skin on the fingers is damaged, then the body will not grow fingerprints the same way.
Satellite systems never lose connection to the satellite they communicate with.
If the retina is adjacent to the iris, then the area we can see does not change.
If primary colors are Red, Blue, and Yellow, then displays and televisions should not be built on a Red, Blue, and Green color standard.
Splitting Berlin was a bad idea during the cold war.
If the population of China keeps growing, then the population should shrink.
People on the phone cannot hear themselves when on speaker.
4WD is different than 4x4
The US has only two major political parties.
Essential furloughed workers are not protected under the 13th Amendment.
The catholic church deals with sexual assault allegations against priests as opposed to the law.
If someone can survive a fall, then someone can die down a flight of stairs.
An atom needs to have an equal number of protons and electrons to be stable.
Salt water is good for healing.
Countries should not be able to make their own money.
If my internet speed is 500mbps, then my devices should be able to download at less than 10% of their internet capacity.
Immigrants are held at detention centers instead of being deported.
A crack in the ceiling of a tunnel causes a powerful vacuum effect or blowout.
The fall of the Roman empire is considered the turning point between antiquity and the European middle ages.
Plastic bags are not recyclable.
There isn't a second person perspective.
Skydivers breath while free-falling when wind is blowing against their face.
A computer's bootloader does not require a factory reset.
Companies like Walgreens and CVS make generic medication without being sued.
Womens bodies synchronise periods when they live together.
Humans have not connected the Bering Strait with road or rail.
The trilemma of the Simluation Theory concludes that we are living in a simulation.
Some countries have super deadly animals while others don't.
Search engines can query search results in seconds from all over the internet.
Spaceships with Earth-like gravity are realistic.
Governments can find people who fly drones in dangerous areas.
Permafrost is not permanent.
Gaming companies should not be able to make money off of pirating their outdated products.
Eating your own poo would make you unwell.
Ceramic is a clay.
Only one nostril gets plugged up when you have a stuffy nose.
Bananas get more sugary after they overripen.
Censoring the eyes in a person's picture is enough to make someone unidentifiable.
Babies should not be able to sleep on their back.
Control of gravity would solve most space travel problems.
Corn has no nutritional value.
Cold medicine should make our bodies take longer to heal.
Science has progressed enough to be able to communicate with animals.
Biodegradable trash should be disposed of under the desert.
Lungs heal themselves after smoking.
The earth's weight is calculated.
Humans are homogenous compared to other animals.
1 kg of body mass is 7700 calories.
Magnets control the flow of hydrogen in a fusion reactor.
The Sentinelese have been uncontacted throughout history.
Bugs like to buzz around people's heads.
Burner phones are untraceable by the police.
A country can't create a nation.
Hairs decide to split into two and become split ends.
There is an equal and opposite reaction for everything.
Certain hairs on our body know not to exceed a certain length.
Laser sights work at a certain distance.
Things rot without oxygen.
The flu is only around for a season instead of being around all of the time.
People dry age beef.
Nuclear fusion produces more energy than nuclear fission.
Rivets are still used when we have advanced welding techniques and hex-bolts.
Superglue does not stick to the inside of the bottle.
The Earth takes exactly 24h.
Water in lakes and rivers doesn't get absorbed into the ground.
If neutering or spaying an animal is necessary to prevent unwanted babies, then giving them a hysterectomy or vasectomy instead.
People of ancient civilizations knew they were part of a new empire or such when wars occurred and civilizations expanded into different regions.
Creatures are smaller today than they were millions of years ago with the dinosaurs.
Lice disappears when someone is 12 years old.
Our bodies store excess fat, sugar, cholesterol etc.
We can't reproduce ancient crafting methods like Roman Concrete, Damascus Steel, or Greek Fire.
We should sleep on our sides and not backs.
You can't see stars in pictures taken from space.
Artificial sweeteners should be hundreds upon hundreds of times more sweet than sucrose.
Barometric pressure changes with the weather.
Consoles run games smoothly.
Plastic is cleaned before recycling.
Biometric verification systems don't use fingerprint sensors from smart phones.
People are now focused on automation replacing jobs.
You should start watching soap operas from the first episode.
Memes are not jokes.
If you can't see UV lasers, then it is not necessary to have sight.
If a pregnant woman eats peanut butter and her fetus is allergic to peanuts, the fetus does not have an independent immune system.
Water from lakes and other lakes should not have to boil.
Brown and hazel eyes are the same trait.
Defenders should have made more stone walls behind the gate.
Humans would migrate north into colder climates.
We can't see Ultima Thule.
Random songs are random.
MREs should not expire.
Wood houses are better suited to withstand tornadoes than stone houses.
Dry firing a bow is bad because the energy goes somewhere.
Open world games go without interstitial loading screens.
The US government is almost $22 Trillion in debt.
Water permanently damages paper.
Glass can bend when vibrating, but trying to bend under any other condition merely shatters it.
Nuts do not go bad like other food.
Transitioning to green energy would pay itself off in the long run.
A law/similiar ruling does not exist unless the lawyer brings it up.
Tin foil in the oven does not get hot.
Humans can feel the Earth rotating if it is spinning so fast.
The lighter does not blow up when you turn the on flame.
Automakers should put a limited slip differential in a sports car over a locked differential or a positrac.
Bridges do not form potholes.
If current through a wire creates an electromagnetic field, then the human body would create one.
The USA is one of top polluters in most sources.
Hot tea is effective to cool down on a warm day.
Mainstream websites link those clickbait articles.
A virus can spread over LAN.
Cell phones are silent.
Aspect ratios on photos and videos are always different.
People with dark skin can say they are half white and white people can say they are half black.
The sky is blue because the blue wavelengths get scattered.
Rainbows are shaped like U.
Scent travels in water.
Food goes stale when exposed to outside air for long enough.
Multistage rockets fall apart upon launch.
Stomach knows the difference between food and liquid.
If we have a runny nose from a head cold or allergies, it should stop running while we sleep.
Tom Clancy Novels are realeased under his name when he died in 2013.
All stars are white.
Viruses are sorted into any kingdom.
Light sets the cosmic speed limit.
Sound should travel faster through helium.
A person is kept alive during a heart transplant.
5 years is too short a time to make a new roof for Notre Dame in Paris.
If a person hits a vein or artery, they will bleed quite a bit.
Bows are flexible.
Blue lobsters turn when cooked.
Scientists have limited access to space.
A gene is preventing a human from regenerating complete organs or limbs.
There is not enough land left for the dead.
There is no east or west at the poles.
72 degree water feels colder than 72 degree air.
Eyes water after a yawn.
Plug an AC electical plug backwards into a socket and it still works.
Skeletons can be EXTREMELY light and also capable of supporting EXTREMEly heavy weights at the same time.
There is a word for "God bless you" after a sneeze in every language.
Octopus meat does not have muscle fibers like pork or beef.
Battery performance drops if left on charge while it is already fully charged.
Washing dish soaps down the drain is considered harmful to us.
The infrastructure of 15 years ago is still being used by cable companies today.
Electricity can only travel in a closed circuit.
Pressure decreases as altitudes increase.
Cigarettes contain volatile solvents.
Vacuum is a thermal insulator.
Microwaving bread makes it rubbery.
If someone did a Hollywood heist on your bank and took all its money, your bank card would still be able to buy things.
It takes 48 hours to transmit from tick to human.
Laptop screens display more things on the screen than monitors.
Tiredness is the only factor that controls your ability to fall asleep.
Radiation poisoning is contagious.
Companies are forced to pay the government for a violation of the law.